### 코드정리

`setString` : PreparedStatement 메소드

>```
>void setString(int parameterIndex,
>               String x)
>        throws SQLException
>```
>
>Sets the designated parameter to the given Java `String` value. The driver converts this to an SQL `VARCHAR` or `LONGVARCHAR` value (depending on the argument's size relative to the driver's limits on `VARCHAR` values) when it sends it to the database.
>
>- **Parameters:**
>
>  `parameterIndex` - the first parameter is 1, the second is 2, ...
>
>  `x` - the parameter value
>
>- **Throws:**
>
>  `SQLException` - if parameterIndex does not correspond to a parameter marker in the SQL statement; if a database access error occurs or this method is called on a closed `PreparedStatement`



`getParameter` : ServletRequest 메소드 -> HttpServletRequest가 상속받음

>```
>String getParameter(String name)
>```
>
>Returns the value of a request parameter as a `String`, or `null` if the parameter does not exist. Request parameters are extra information sent with the request. For HTTP servlets, parameters are contained in the query string or posted form data.
>
>You should only use this method when you are sure the parameter has only one value. If the parameter might have more than one value, use [`getParameterValues(java.lang.String)`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#getParameterValues-java.lang.String-).
>
>If you use this method with a multivalued parameter, the value returned is equal to the first value in the array returned by `getParameterValues`.
>
>If the parameter data was sent in the request body, such as occurs with an HTTP POST request, then reading the body directly via [`getInputStream()`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#getInputStream--) or [`getReader()`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#getReader--) can interfere with the execution of this method.
>
>- **Parameters:**
>
>  `name` - a `String` specifying the name of the parameter
>
>- **Returns:**
>
>  a `String` representing the single value of the parameter
>
>- **See Also:**
>
>  [`getParameterValues(java.lang.String)`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#getParameterValues-java.lang.String-)



`setAttribute` : ServletRequest 메소드 -> HttpServletRequest가 상속받음

> ```
> void setAttribute(String name,
>                   Object o)
> ```
>
> Stores an attribute in this request. Attributes are reset between requests. This method is most often used in conjunction with [`RequestDispatcher`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/RequestDispatcher.html).
>
> Attribute names should follow the same conventions as package names. Names beginning with `java.*`, `javax.*`, and `com.sun.*`, are reserved for use by Sun Microsystems.
> If the object passed in is null, the effect is the same as calling [`removeAttribute(java.lang.String)`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#removeAttribute-java.lang.String-).
> It is warned that when the request is dispatched from the servlet resides in a different web application by `RequestDispatcher`, the object set by this method may not be correctly retrieved in the caller servlet.
>
> - **Parameters:**
>
>   `name` - a `String` specifying the name of the attribute
>
>   `o` - the `Object` to be stored



`getAttribute` : ServletRequest 메소드 -> HttpServletRequest가 상속받음

>```
>Object getAttribute(String name)
>```
>
>Returns the value of the named attribute as an `Object`, or `null` if no attribute of the given name exists.
>
>Attributes can be set two ways. The servlet container may set attributes to make available custom information about a request. For example, for requests made using HTTPS, the attribute `javax.servlet.request.X509Certificate` can be used to retrieve information on the certificate of the client. Attributes can also be set programatically using [`setAttribute(java.lang.String, java.lang.Object)`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/ServletRequest.html#setAttribute-java.lang.String-java.lang.Object-). This allows information to be embedded into a request before a [`RequestDispatcher`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/RequestDispatcher.html) call.
>
>Attribute names should follow the same conventions as package names. This specification reserves names matching `java.*`, `javax.*`, and `sun.*`.
>
>- **Parameters:**
>
>  `name` - a `String` specifying the name of the attribute
>
>- **Returns:**
>
>  an `Object` containing the value of the attribute, or `null` if the attribute does not exist

`getParameter() 와 getAttribute() 의 차이점`

>getParameter() 의 경우 String 타입 리턴하고 getAttribute() 는 Object 타입 리턴
>
>getParameter("name") 은 request 영역에서 name 값이 "name" 인 것을 찾아서 그 값을 읽어오고,
>
>request.getAttribute("name") 은 SetAttrubute("name","123") 를 통해 값을 설정한 것(123)을 리턴함

`getTimestamp(int)`

> int 열의 값으로 Timestamp 값을 반환함



`sendRedirect()` : HttpServletResponse 메소드

>```
>void sendRedirect(String location)
>           throws IOException
>```
>
>Sends a temporary redirect response to the client using the specified redirect location URL and clears the buffer. The buffer will be replaced with the data set by this method. Calling this method sets the status code to [`SC_FOUND`](https://javaee.github.io/javaee-spec/javadocs/javax/servlet/http/HttpServletResponse.html#SC_FOUND) 302 (Found). This method can accept relative URLs;the servlet container must convert the relative URL to an absolute URL before sending the response to the client. If the location is relative without a leading '/' the container interprets it as relative to the current request URI. If the location is relative with a leading '/' the container interprets it as relative to the servlet container root. If the location is relative with two leading '/' the container interprets it as a network-path reference (see [RFC 3986: Uniform Resource Identifier (URI): Generic Syntax](http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3986.txt), section 4.2 "Relative Reference").
>
>If the response has already been committed, this method throws an IllegalStateException. After using this method, the response should be considered to be committed and should not be written to.
>
>- **Parameters:**
>
>  `location` - the redirect location URL
>
>- **Throws:**
>
>  `IOException` - If an input or output exception occurs
>
>  `IllegalStateException` - If the response was committed or if a partial URL is given and cannot be converted into a valid URL

